DOC-13269-Fix-typo-create-superscript-for-2-to-the-power-of-53 (#508)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/eventing/pages/eventing-Terminologies.adoc

This means that JavaScript numbers have a large range but less precision when it comes to traditional integers of the same size.

The JavaScript and WebAssembly engine V8 uses 64-bit floating-point numbers that yield a 53-bit precision.

> Eventing JavaScript can handle integers only up to +/- 2^53 or 2⁵³.

Reviewer: This is a literal interpretation of the ticket! The point is to display the number accurately, not to show two different ways of writing the number.

Following the Google dev docs style guide, we [use standard mathematical notation for exponents](https://developers.google.com/style/numbers#exponents).

Use [AsciiDoc superscript markup](https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/text/subscript-and-superscript/) to format the exponent.

```suggestion
Eventing JavaScript can handle integers only up to +/- 2^53^.
```

To handle large integers of 15 or more digits, you can use JavaScript `BigInt` types.
The constants `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER` and `Number.MIN_SAFE_INTERGER` show the exact numbers where integral precision is defined and lost by JavaScript.

Large integers are usually tokens that require equality comparisons.
In Eventing, this can be seen in the CAS values generated by Advanced Keyspace Operations and in the results generated by the `crc64()` Function.
In these cases, you can hold the large integers as strings. 

> The strings verify full fidelity and retain the ability to do equality comparisons.

Reviewer: "Verify" implies that the strings are somehow actively checking the fidelity of the number, which is misleading. If you want to simplify the wording of this sentence look at the preceding paragraphs for the context.

```suggestion
Using a string ensures that the integer does not lose precision, and retains the ability to do equality comparisons.
```

Author: Made necessary changes. Kindly review and let me know if it is fine and approve.
